team.md, before:

---
title: The Team
layout: template
filename: team
---

# The Class: 
This project was created as a final project by four first years for Olin College's Software Design Class, in the spring of 2016. SoftDes focuses on teaching students a variety of Python skills via multiple mini-projects leading up to this final project, and is very hands-on in its style of learning. 

See more at the  [project description and evaluation](https://sites.google.com/site/sd16spring/home/assignments-and-mini-projects/final-project-1 "Olin College - Software Design Spring 2016") on our class website.


# Team Members:

[Jared Briskman](https://github.com/jaredbriskman "Jared's Github profile")
Jared worked heavily with the implementation of IBM's BlueMix API for our natural language processing, and did some other things we guess.

[Margaret Crawford](https://github.com/Margaretmcrawf "Margo's Github profile")
Margo worked primarily on the framework of our project, while simultaneously helping out with the view aspect as well and did some other things we guess.

[Lauren Gulland](https://github.com/laurengulland "Lauren's Github profile")
Lauren worked on the Flask implementation of our project (for MVP), and has bounced around different areas, and did some other things we guess.

[Louise Nielsen](https://github.com/nielsenlouise "Louise's Github profile")
Louise worked on the `reveal.js` implementation of our project, and helped with framework when necessary, and did some other things we guess.

Commit message:

Updated team duties to not all say "and some other things we guess" because that's unprofessional or something

team.md, after:

---
title: The Team
layout: template
filename: team
---

# The Class: 
This project was created as a final project by four first years for Olin College's Software Design Class, in the spring of 2016. SoftDes focuses on teaching students a variety of Python skills via multiple mini-projects leading up to this final project, and is very hands-on in its style of learning. 

See more at the  [project description and evaluation](https://sites.google.com/site/sd16spring/home/assignments-and-mini-projects/final-project-1 "Olin College - Software Design Spring 2016") on our class website.


# Team Members:

[Jared Briskman](https://github.com/jaredbriskman "Jared's Github profile") --

Jared worked heavily with the implementation of IBM's BlueMix API for our natural language processing, and had a bus factor of 1 for most of the project. Thanks for staying alive, Jared.

[Margaret Crawford](https://github.com/Margaretmcrawf "Margo's Github profile") --

Margo worked primarily on the framework of our project, while simultaneously helping out with the view aspect and wherever else she was needed.

[Lauren Gulland](https://github.com/laurengulland "Lauren's Github profile") -- 

Lauren worked on the Flask implementation of our project (for MVP), and has since bounced around different areas, mostly between view, framework, and this site.

[Louise Nielsen](https://github.com/nielsenlouise "Louise's Github profile") -- 

Louise worked on the `reveal.js` implementation of our project, and helped with the site, framework, and just generally keeping us all accountable and on top of things.
